There can be several correct answers. It is sufficient to find any correct answer.Although it is not necessary to finish the entire cake, we can easily find a way such that the entire cake is given away.We can start by trying to give a prefix to Alice. To determine if it is possible to divide the cake such that Alice gets at least one-third of the total value by taking a prefix, and Bob and Charlie can split the remaining cake into two parts where each gets at least one-third of the total value, we can use the following approach:We start by calculating the prefix sums for Alice, Bob, and Charlie.Using these prefix sums, we iterate left to right to search for the minimum prefix size for Alice, where she gets at least one-third of the total value. Once we find an index, we give that prefix to Alice and search again on array bb to check if we can give a prefix of the remaining cake to Bob such that Bob gets at least one-third of the total sum, and so does Charlie. If, after removing the prefix of the remaining cake, the value left for Charlie is not enough, we repeat the last step on array cc instead and check if the value of the cake left for Bob after Alice and Charlie get theirs' is enough.If the above fails, we repeat the process starting with a prefix of bb. If that fails too, we try again, beginning with a prefix of cc.Here are the specific steps for each of the 6 permutations of Alice, Bob, and Charlie:1. Start with a prefix for Alice, then check Bob's prefix and Charlie gets the rest of the cake.2. Start with a prefix for Alice, then check Charlie's prefix and Bob gets the rest of the cake.3. Start with a prefix for Bob, then check Alice's prefix and Charlie gets the rest of the cake.4. Start with a prefix for Bob, then check Charlie's prefix and Alice gets the rest of the cake.5. Start with a prefix for Charlie, then check Alice's prefix and Bob gets the rest of the cake.6. Start with a prefix for Charlie, then check Bob's prefix and Alice gets the rest of the cake.If after trying all permutations, none of them work, the answer is "-1". Otherwise, print the respective indices for the subarrays.