What does an extra edge change in the configuration of the bridges? Well, all tree edges on the path between the two vertices that an extra edge connects, stop being bridges.So, the task can be restated as follows: choose kk pairs of distinct vertices such that:The next idea is quite intuitive. It only makes sense to choose a root or the leaves of the tree into the pairs. If any pair has a non-leaf vertex, you can safely prolong the path until any of the leaves in its subtree, and the union of the paths will not become smaller.Now for the tricky idea. Instead of choosing kk pairs of root/leaves, you can actually just take a root and 2k−12k−1 leaves, and there will always be a way to split them into pairs to satisfy all conditions.Let's show that. Traverse the tree with a DFS and record the order you visit the leaves. Pair up a root with the middle leaf in that order. Then pair up leaves 11 and 2k−12k−1, 22 and 2k−22k−2 and so on. This way, the path for every pair includes a vertex on the path of the first pair (the one that includes the root). Thus, the union of the paths is the same as the union of all vertical paths from the leaves to the root. That obviously satisfies the condition on the connectedness of the bridges.Notice how that union of the paths is also the largest possible on that set of leaves. Every path between the leaves can be viewed at as two vertical paths from each leaf. The longest vertical path from each leaf is the one going to the root. And we have exactly the union of these vertical paths as our solution.Thus, the task actually becomes as follows: choose 2k−12k−1 leaves in such a way that the union of their paths to the root is as large as possible.That can actually be done greedily. Take a leaf with the longest path to the root. Then keep taking leaves that add as many new edges into the union as possible.That idea can be implemented as follows. For every vertex, calculate the longest path that starts in it and ends in some leaf. Can be done with a single DFS. Maintain a set of all vertices sorted by their longest paths. On each step, take a vertex with the largest value and remove all vertices on that path (any path of the maximum length if there are multiple) from the set.Overall complexity: O(nlogn)O(nlog⁡n) per testcase.